A set of scripts to install HubZero
===================================

This project is a set of scripts for installing [HubZero](https://hubzero.org) onto a virtual machine
running on the Nectar cloud, using [Heat](https://support.rc.nectar.org.au/docs/heat)

# NB: This is a work in progress! #

To use these scripts you need to have the Heat command line client installed. Instructions for installing and using
the command line tools on the NeCTAR cloud [are found here](https://support.rc.nectar.org.au/docs/installing-command-line-tools).

You also need to know a little bit about [Heat](https://support.rc.nectar.org.au/docs/heat) if you are
going to customize the default paramater values...

Once the command line tools are installed, the following steps will get you up and running:

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/MartinPaulo/puppet_hub_zero.git

# Copy the environment template in the heat subdirectory, say to a file named 'environment.yaml'
cp heat/environment_template.yaml heat/environment.yaml

# Edit the file and provide any required parameters.
# Also put in replacement values for any of the default parameter values that are not acceptable.
# These parameters and the defaults are described in the heat template, heat/hubzero.yaml
vi heat/environment.yaml

# Launch the heat template
heat stack-create --template-file=heat/hubzero.yaml --environment-file=heat/environment.yaml hubzero_1_3

# wait for a while...
```

Once complete, the passwords and users created by the ldap installation have been written to the file:

```bash
/root/ldap_details.txt
```

If installing version 1.1, once the installation is complete, go to the administrator section of your site
(/administrator), go to Site->Maintenance->LDAP and press the Export Users and Export Groups buttons
in order to export all the CMS users and groups

Tasks still to be done:
- Email the user when the install is complete
- Email needs to be properly configured ( *Check: must not relay email!* )
- Do we need to move the users home directories to the larger mounted transient storage?
- rapture not yet added to the installation
- submit not yet added to the installation
- The DNS entry and matching records need to be set up manually. Instructions have to be written.

Known issues:
- The LDAP installation on version 1.1 returns an error: needs investigation. See the open-ldap module for more.
- The maxwell service create template execution seems thoroughly broken in 1.1 and 1.2. This would appear to
  be a HubZero Issue
- The email doesn't send mail successfully, as sites such as google don't trust it (not surprising).
- The [admin url](https://hubzero.org/wiki/HubAdministrationGuide/Login) doesn't let you log in using the password
  generated by the LDAP program...